[Music]
currently
hos
sit
cat he
cat
in0 alles that seen been children a lot
of them have been like this l one or two
parents and unfortunately these kids
have a long recy ro
in isra are trying force a
hean
un
commute
[  [Music]
disaster,
of course, water and electricity, as you know, the
occupation completely cut off our electricity, and
water, of course, cut it off. Otherwise, we will lose
fuel. I mean, it is very simple. I mean, at any time,
within a short time, this fuel will run out, and therefore
these devices will explode, as I said. Of course, this will affect
life.
People
[music]
God forbid, if we do not supply the fuel
necessary to run this generator, a real disaster will occur
for these patients. This is the
only generator that works in the Al-Shifa Medical Complex. There are
more than three hospitals inside this
complex. Dozens of patients are on
artificial respirators. More patients are in the dialysis department.  Of
1000 patients, patients with premature infants in the
nursery departments whose weight is less than a kilo
[music]
grams. Of course, we are suffering in the Al-Shifa
Medical Complex, the intensive care departments for
newborns
and premature infants, as it contains 40
nurseries, but the total number today has reached
65 cases. There is a reduction in the number of
cases. We  We suffer from a lack of basic medications
[music].
Perhaps in a day or two,
all the medications in the department may be exhausted. Until now,
we are dealing with cases with the
available capabilities, especially artificial respiration connectors, meaning we may
use them several times, and they are supposed to be used
only once. This, of course, increases the burden on
the staff.  Medical and exposes cases to
bacterial infection. Most cases in the
nursery. The therapeutic protocols depend on
electrical current, and of course, because most of them
depend on artificial respiration. In the event of a
power outage, a catastrophe will occur within
five minutes, and all cases on
artificial respiration
[music]
will be available
Al-Shifa  Hospital Hospital
Inst
now have about
2500 or and also
have
Tech
[music]
Uncle
I hope
out
[music]
[music] The
occupation has prevented the entry of any humanitarian aid,
including of course
medicines in medicines. It is also true that there are many medicines,
so you have this hypochondria.  If you see that we have a
very low amount of hemocyanin, this is
also what the appliances rely on to operate.
[Music]
[Music] And
work means that my laundry is coming again.
I have to come. At the very least, I sit for an hour or
two to find someone who has transportation. He has cars. You don't
know. The road is all destroyed and the cars.
She has a bottle, or she doesn't have transportation, and you want to
get a request. I don't have enough money because I'm tired
and where am I from now? I've washed myself
four times, and we're in the middle of the night. I can't go and
run. They're coming to me, and then the treatment is less, the
calcium is less, the solutions are less, the barabi is less
[music]
The fanad
came.  When I was washing my car on Sunday and Wednesday, I
came in the morning because of the many beatings that our bride had.
I swear we were afraid and came. I was with the people. Our
home was far from you. There was no home for us. Our car
[Music] The
hospital was embarrassed. I was very tired. We had no mercy, nor a
car, nor the pilot. It was all
beating. [Music]  I mean, tomorrow today this will be over. We may be
presented for testimony.
[Music]
Okay, by God, I have a lot of fear. He is the one who
stops the sessions because our body will become toxins. We will die.
[Music]
We will die.
With the displacement of our esteemed citizens to the complex,
electricity consumption has become very, very high. We cannot
provide it.  The amount of amps required for this
complex, of course, the displaced are dear citizens
dear to our hearts. They are honorable citizens. As a result of
the barbaric bombing, they left and took refuge in the Shifa
Medical Complex. Of course, the consumption is very high. That is, of course,
the citizens need food and water. They
need to shower. They need
[music] [music]
toilets
[  Music]
[Music]
Zabra We left our security behind. What do you mean by three shelters?
We went from Ezbat Abd Rabo to the mountains
of the country. The army told us to go down to the mountains of the country
and we heard our house was on the mountains of the country. They beat us up
in the middle of the market. There is no safe place. We went down to
Al-Jalaa. We said, “I mean, there will be a safe place.” They beat us 16.
Without prior notice, without
communication, from six floors down, another three floors down, and there is no
safe place. This safe place, after God, is the
cure. We want to go
astray. [Music] I saw the beatings. We went out barefoot as we and the children were, dragging for
an hour and a half as we walked from the Shurafa roundabout to the
evacuation and recovery.  We are men and women who are not
displaced when we are children. Someone who is one year old and someone who is
less than a year old is two years old. A whole lot of years
among them is a
group of people. We are like the children of girls. We are all homeless here.
By God, we did not take anything to go to the bathroom. We
went to bed with a six-month-old boy. By God,
we did not take any food, milk, or anything.  Onions and nothing
We came out as we are and we cursed everything because of the bear
that
[music] is
upon us.
They are all victims. They are all women. They are all
children. What did they do? What did they do?
[Music]
We have lack of faili we operate
without we one
wees recovery we have have  Save liv
unfor of our hit cases
It has about
20 20 apartments, equivalent to about 250 people,
all of them women, children, and the elderly. We are like us, and
you have the second square. Our neighbors, may God take revenge on
them. No, it is still good, it is still
good.
Come on but God. There is no god but
God.
Oh, the
soft ones, and we have about five.  Witnesses of Manar Al-Mas,
I found it, and what, my love, and what is under
[music] the
rubble
[music] I
chose healing because there are more people and there is safety.
Some people feel safe. They are afraid. They said, “Come out,
show us where we want to go.” I mean, we want to fly. We came
[music]
in the mouth. I
mean, he has a house that is missing and you will find all the people.  They
go out to scare people by knocking on a house and they started to live
next to her. She is the one who is worried about people making her come.
People are forming up, coming together, hitting each other,
frightening each other. In Tunisia, people are
together. Ethnic cleansing. I mean, we are not merciful to anyone. My father.
Ok, what do we want to do?
[Music]
out
Kip
there  A significant decrease in all hospitals in the
Gaza Strip as a result of the large number of victims coming
from every place that is targeted in the Gaza Strip,
in addition to the increase in the number of martyrs in
hospitals. There has become a large crowding
in the morgues.
[Applause]
We, residents of eastern Gaza, eastern Gaza, Al-Tuffah, I mean,
we thought he was gone.  The security of the area will be in
Al-Nusrat. We said, “Maybe the center will be safe.” This is
what happened. There are approximately more than 18
martyrs, and there are missing people, and there are also under the rubble.
Yesterday, we did not find a place in the refrigerators. We did not
find a place in the refrigerators, and all night long they were on
[music]
the ground. Ice refrigerators were recorded.  Karim is one of the
ice cream factories to accommodate the huge numbers
of martyrs that come to the hospital
daily, and with these refrigerators as well, the numbers
exceed the capacity of all the
main and reserve refrigerators, and approximately
20 to 30 corpses remain in the tents daily, in excess of the
metaphorical capacity of these
refrigerators [Laughter] [Music]  There
are enormous, sacred objects inside these
refrigerators. Here are bodies that have not been identified since the
first day. The letter is truly horrific.
These bodies have not been identified. These bodies are unknown bodies that need to be
buried in a special way.
[Music]
[Music] The
Gaza Strip is entering a massive humanitarian catastrophe. The
Gaza Strip is in a catastrophe.  The war continues in this
way. We will not be able to praise the
dead.
[Music]
We hope so. We hope that we are as it is.
Our message is neutral, its goal is to serve humanity. That
we are neutralized from the bombing and from the occupation. There is no
assassination. He does not deviate. He harms us and kills us. He does not
deviate. He allows us to practice our humanitarian work, as long as it is not
public.  Harassment, not
targeting. We arrived at the place where there was a
call for help, and we were not able to take the wounded.
When we were bombed, we were evacuated. We wanted to withdraw to a
safe place. On the way to withdraw, on Salah al-Din Street,
or close to Salah al-Din Street, I heard the sound of two people
dawning after each other. I looked in the mirror.  I saw
that my colleague's car was the one that had been hit, so I
quickly realized the situation and called someone from the ambulance I was
in. He chased me with a missile, and after that, there was
also a missile on the asphalt in front of me, and a missile also hit the third car, and it
came back, also hitting another car, a
missile, which means a total of six missiles,
so we were not left until I was sure.  He killed us
all. This is the detail of the event that happened to him.
Unfortunately, it means we were not able to take the injured and examine them. Praise be
to God, the Lord
[music]
of the world healed us.
gener small generat for
opera and then
here patients are in the corridors on the
floors in the emergency department
we run  out of external fixators to
stabilize the fractures with pins and
rods to
wasle
just for us got with regards to
medical out everything we r out ofn
dressings burns constitute ma part of the
wounded it seems the weapon that
[music]
isun
out
grave